Good morning.
What?
Which one are you right now?
You look like…
I'm Satoru Gojo, the person in charge
of the first-years at Jujutsu High.
Jujutsu…
Fushiguro--
What?
What is this?
It is not the time to worry
about other people, Yuji Itadori.
A secret execution
has been imposed on you.
ITADORI RESIDENCE
Hello, this is Sugisawa--
I'm Itadori.
The one who just called.
Yes.
I haven't heard any reply.
Did my grandpa say anything?
That's strange. I've told him.
Wait. I'll ask.
Mr. Itadori never rings the nurse's bell.
It's actually kind of scary.
Mr. Itadori, you have a call.
Yuji is asking if there's anything
-you want him to bring--
-So noisy!
Tell him not to come.
Enjoy the club activities. Join the club.
What's going on?
Did you hear that, Yuji?
And the one about the club?
Thank you.
I'll be there tomorrow afternoon.
MIYAGI SUGISAWA MUNICIPAL HIGH SCHOOL
It's silly to keep a Special Grade Curse
in a place like this.
What?
-I couldn't find it.
-What?
The instrument shelter is empty.
Are you serious?
That's funny.
Maybe it went for a walk at night?
I'm going to hit you.
Well, you can't come back without that.
I'll punch him next time.
CONGRATULATIONS, SOCCER CLUB
It's about to start.
Are you ready?
Sasaki.
Iguchi.
Here we go.
Spirits.
Tell me what animal
the council president is afraid of.
-Naked.
-Sea.
-Butterfly.
Naked sea butterfly? That is so lame.
Occult Club!
Hey, it's the plankton president!
What's up?
NOTICE
This research club
doesn't have any real-world activity.
We'll take back the activity room
according to the notice.
Please withdraw quickly.
You shouldn't underestimate
my seniors, President.
STRANGE EVENT ARCHIVES
What's that?
You know the rugby field
is locked up, right?
Yes, because all the players
have been hospitalized with sickness.
Don't you find it strange?
Rugby players are strong and healthy.
It is said that they heard
strange noises and cries…
BONK
…before they fell ill.
Let's take a look at this news report
from 30 years ago.
The disappearance of Mr. Yoshida
from the construction company.
The last witness information
comes from here.
Sugisawa Municipal High School
during construction.
What?
Mr. Yoshida, who was running out of money,
loaned from loan sharks
and was targeted by the group behind it.
This series of disturbances
was the grievance of Mr. Yoshida,
who was buried under the rugby field.
No, it's Ixodes.
Ixodes.
A large, blood-sucking insect.
SFTS caused by a bite could be fatal.
Be careful.
So what?
The club is trying
to unravel psychic phenomena.
That's a serious
activity report, isn't it?
This is no place for child's play!
The biggest problem, in the end, is…
-Yuji Itadori!
-What?
You're not in the Occult Club,
you're in track and field.
So this club did not meet
the minimum requirement
of three people as stated.
What?
Itadori.
No, I wrote the Occult Club.
I rewrote it.
Takagi, the track and field coach.
Itadori, we need you
to win this national competition!
A teacher who is worse
than the students appears…
You're so annoying!
How many times do I have to say no?
-You can't say no!
-I can't?
But I'm not a demon either.
If you win,
I'll give up making you participate.
Let's compete fair and square,
with track-and-field items!
Sounds interesting. Let's do this!
TRACK AND FIELD COACH TAKAGI VS. ITADORI
Is it a good thing
to rewrite people's applications?
What's wrong with the rugby field?
Is a corpse buried down there?
Even so,
this curse is supposed to be
a Grade 2 Curse.
Is that the effect of the curse?
I can't pinpoint the location
because the cursed breath is too strong.
It could be at your feet
or in the distance.
This Special Grade Curse is too tricky.
Who brought it out? Where is it now?
Come!
Takagi and Itadori are competing.
What are they competing for?
Okay.
Fourteen meters.
JAPAN RECORDS
18M, 85CM
Takagi is so strong,
old but still vigorous.
Itadori, can you do it?
-Is Itadori famous?
-Itadori!
I just heard that
he made it through SASUKE.
They call him
the reincarnation of Mirko Cro Cop.
Mirko hasn't died yet, right?
He's called
the "Tiger of West Junior High."
Too corny!
Can I just throw it out?
Well, there's no rule
to decide how to throw it.
Sorry for choosing your unprofessional
category to convey my sincerity.
Well…
That's about 30 meters.
-Okay! I won!
-What?
He's a gorilla, not a tiger.
That was the pitcher's move
just now, right?
Itadori, you're more suitable
for sports clubs.
You don't have to force yourself
to stay at the Occult Club.
What?
You two like horror stories,
but you can't go
to haunted places without me.
I'm scared because I like it.
And our school says that
it's compulsory to join a club, right?
I can't play this kind of thing.
You don't have to do anything,
just a "ghost member."
It's the Occult Club anyway.
That's what I said.
I have to go home by five
for personal reasons.
If you don't mind, let me stay.
I also like the atmosphere
of the Occult Club.
We don't mind that.
Yes.
That guy is amazing.
He can do that much without cursed energy?
Maybe he's similar to Zenin.
It's late!
I'm leaving early
since I have matters to attend to, Coach!
The breath of the cursed object.
Hey, slow down.
Isn't he too fast?
I heard that guy ran
50 meters in 3 seconds.
Is he a person or a car?
SUGISAWA HOSPITAL
I told you not to come.
Don't keep buying flowers.
It's the same as usual.
The flowers aren't for you,
they are for the nurse.
That's even more redundant, you fool!
What happened to your club?
Enjoy the club activities.
Stop nagging. It was over at five.
I wouldn't have come to see you
if I didn't have time.
Okay.
You'll just have to listen to me,
a man of leisure.
I'm not interested.
Listen to me carefully.
I have one last thing to tell you.
About your parents--
I told you I'm not interested.
Please don't act all cool
before you die, okay?
Men are supposed to die acting cool.
Don't you understand, my damn grandson?
Don't get angry all the time.
Just be yourself.
The pressure-free generation
is ridiculous!
Yuji.
Yes?
You're strong enough to save others.
As far as you can go…
If you can, try to save them.
It's okay to be confused.
Don't worry about it
if you don't get any gratitude.
Anyway, try to save more people.
You're going to die
in front of a crowd of people.
Don't be like me.
Grandpa.
NURSE CALL
Yes? What's wrong?
Hello, Mr. Itadori?
Are you there?
Grandpa passed away.
DEATH CERTIFICATE
Well, that's all the documents I need.
Okay, thank you for your care.
Are you really okay?
It's the first time
I'm experiencing a loss,
so maybe
it doesn't feel like it's real yet.
But my grandpa's going to get mad
at me for frowning so much.
I'll just smile while I burn him up.
Don't say it like that.
Are you Yuji Itadori?
I'm Fushiguro from Jujutsu High.
I have something to tell you now.
Well, I'm in mourning.
Sorry, I don't have time.
The cursed object on your hand
is very dangerous.
Please give it to me right away.
"The cursed object"?
This one.
Oh, that one! I picked it up.
I don't care,
but my seniors are very interested.
Why is that dangerous?
The number of unidentified deaths
and missing persons in Japan
exceeds 10,000 annually.
Most of them were caused by the "curse."
"Curse"?
Believe it or not, this is the truth.
I'll go on.
Resentment gathers easily
in schools and hospitals.
Pain, regret, shame…
Humanity's negative emotions
are the source of the curse.
That's why many schools
keep secret "exorcism" curses.
The one you got is also one of them.
Since it's an exorcism,
isn't it a good thing?
Let me finish.
By keeping the evil cursed object,
one can keep away other curses.
It's highly poisonous.
Demon exorcism is nothing but a vice.
Its seal loosened year by year.
Now it's bait to invoke the curse
and make it grow.
The one you've got is classified
as a "super hazardous material."
Hand it over before someone dies.
I told you that I don't mind,
go and see my seniors.
It's empty.
All I'm tracking is the rubbish
attached to the box.
Where's the thing inside?
I told you, it's with my senior…
What happened?
Yes, they said they were going to reveal
the symbol at school tonight.
What?
Is something serious going on?
It's not just that.
They are going to die.
I can't take it off.
Do we really have
to sneak in here to do this?
Turn on the lights.
No, don't ruin the mood.
Feeling stimulation is the essence
of the Occult Club.
Don't worry, nothing will happen.
I took it down.
Human finger.
A real finger?
This is…
What happened?
Was it easy to reveal the symbols?
A man without cursed energy can't do it.
Normally, it is.
Move to the right.
The content is too strong this time.
The seal is too old.
It's just an old paper now.
But I still can't imagine
what you said about the curse.
Where are they?
Fourth floor.
What's with the pressure?
You stay here.
I'm coming too! It's dangerous, right?
Even though I just met them,
they are my friends,
so I can't just leave it alone.
Stay here.
OCCULT PHENOMENON RESEARCH CLUB
What time is it?
The hour hand points to 11…
What's wrong with that monster?
Sasaki.
Iguchi, thank goodness!
Where have you been?
Help me…
What time is it?
The curse has been activated.
The breath is still strong.
Don't get in the way.
Divine Dogs!
Go ahead and eat it.
Can I just listen to him and wait here?
What am I afraid of?
They are going to die.
Yes, the breath of death is approaching.
I'm afraid of death.
Am I scared? I don't even feel it at all.
I cried not because I was scared,
but because I'm lonely.
Grandpa's death and the death
that might happen in front of me now.
What's the difference?
You're strong enough to save others.
The number of curses has increased.
It's very close.
Found it.
He's bad-tempered and stubborn.
No one will come to see him except me.
He said, "Don't be like me."
He was right.
Are you trying to swallow
humans and cursed objects together?
It's too late.
Itadori.
I think Grandpa's death is correct.
But…
The death here…
It's incorrect!
Is that a curse?
It's different from what I thought.
I was going to ask you why you're here.
But you did a good job.
Why are you so self-important?
What are those creatures
eating the curse hungrily?
It's my Shikigami.
Can you see it?
Normally, people can't see a curse.
Only when you're on your deathbed
or in this particular situation.
Oh, really?
I've never seen a ghost before.
Aren't you scared?
I was really scared.
But you know, humans will really die.
What?
So I should at least let the person
I know get the right death.
Well, I don't get it either.
Oh, my. Is this it?
Yes. A Special Grade Curse,
the finger of Ryomen Sukuna.
It's a miracle she didn't get eaten
together with it.
Why would it eat this? Is it delicious?
What nonsense.
It is to level-up your curse power.
It's dangerous, so give it to me.
Okay.
Run!
Fushiguro!
Nue!
What?
I can't think anymore.
Itadori, you should take them and run!
Aren't you in danger too?
A curse can only be exterminated
by a curse, you can't defeat it.
It's not the time to say such things!
You'll die at this rate!
I would feel terrible if I left you now.
And…
There is a troublesome…
Save others.
…curse on me too.
Stupid! Give it to me!
You'll be swallowed too.
Why would it eat this? Is it delicious?
What nonsense.
It is to level-up your curse power.
Isn't that the way to save everyone?
Can't I have a curse?
Stop.
No!
Ryomen Sukuna's finger
is a Special Grade Curse.
It is a poisonous thing, so he'll die.
But what if…
The moonlight is supposed to be felt!
Oh, no! The worst possible
"what if" has happened.
The Special Grade Curse
is parasitic on him.
The flesh of the curse is too weak.
Where are the humans and the women?
This era is really nice.
Women and children walk around
like maggots.
It's wonderful.
We can go on killing.
What?
What are you doing
with someone else's body?
Give it back!
Why are you moving?
This is my body.
He's suppressing me.
Don't move!
You're not human anymore.
What?
According to the sorcery law,
Yuji Itadori,
as a Cursed Spirit, you will be…
exorcised!